The Joe Rogan experience.
You don't hear a peep about the revelations that are coming out
of this laptop, where ever came from Jamie actually had a really good point.
I want to bring it up to you to see if this is possible.
Uh, so I've heard of people being able to hack into it like an iCloud account
from time to time.
And if you had that ability to have the account hacked,
you would need to clone it to a computer to then be able to decipher this
material. And then turn that into somewhere because you need to,
you can't say you hack the iCloud account.
Is that possible that then they then put it on a Mac book, turned it in and say,
oh, look, what's on this Mac book.
But they do have emails and signed receipts from hunter Biden,
supposedly, supposedly, but they haven't denied that this is his laptop,
which would be the first thing that's.
That's this is the key point. So, you know,
when we reported this note in archive, you know,
like when we hit send that first time, like you asked me earlier, you know,
there were millions of documents, right? Like there was,
we had a high degree of confidence in their authenticity because we had
verified a lot of them. You use your intuition,
you examine them from a kind of metadata perspective to see if there's,
uh, in Disha of forgery or alteration,
but you can never prove the negative that none of the documents has been altered
or forged by snowed in or by somebody else. Right?
Like you just don't know for sure,
with a hundred percent certainty until you hit publish.
And the way that you ultimately find out for sure is if you
publish that first report and the people that you're reporting about,
don't come back and say, what the are you talking about?
That's not a real document we didn't ever do that.
That's not our doc that's forge. And it was when the NSA didn't say that,
that we, I mean, I don't think I've ever been so happy in my career in my life,
because that was proof that the archive was real because of course they would
have said it, same thing. You know, last year in Brazil,
we reported this series of expos.
A's where my source had hacked the telephones of the
highest and most powerful officials in Brazil and the Boston area government and
gave me the text conversations that they were having that revealed a lot of
corruption. Same thing. Of course,
those people wouldn't verify or confirm to me that they were real before I
published. They wanted me to be in doubt.
And then once we publish and they didn't say those,
those aren't my conversations, those are fabricated. We knew they were real.
And we per se, so the,
just the fact alone that Biden has never denied either that the conversations
are real or that hunter actually brought his laptop to that Delaware repair
store. And, you know, we've submitted questions,
I've submitted questions to the Biden campaign and to hunter Biden asking that
question specifically, and they won't answer because of course they're real. Um,
but the, it was the, the journalists, the media outlets,
like CNN that took the lead first and saying that this was Russian
disinformation. Yeah. You know,
like the standard way to get rid of information that they don't want the public
to believe. They just lied about that. They just made that up.
There was never any evidence that Russia had the slightest thing to do with it.
Um, you know, and as to your question, the provenance is a little unclear.
Like that is kind of a bizarre story, right?
That like a hunter Biden brought in three laptops,
never bothered to pick them up the store owner out of curiosity and looked in
them once no one picked them up,
saw that there was all this evidence of corruption and gave it to the FBI and
Rudy Giuliani. I'm kind of skeptical skeptical of that story myself.
But why isn't the Biden campaign denying that and saying, no,
hunter never has been to that store in his life.
That's called complete lions and cast it's because it's probably true,
but it's definitely true that these documents are authentic.
It sounds like a crazy thing to do until you factor in
smoking crack. Once you factor.
It is a factor, that's a factor.
Once you factor in smoking crack, like, Hey,
you probably leave all over the place. Like you're out of your mind. Like,
and I don't blame him for that. You know what I mean?
He's obviously had a drug problem. And when you're smoking crack,
you leave laptops at repair shops. You don't pay for them.
That's it seems normal. Right, right.
I mean, that's the least of what you do, right?
Like if you're struggling with substance abuse is that does make it a lot more
credible. But here's the thing like,
this is why I don't think I've ever been just disgusted with my colleagues and
my profession as I have been the last three weeks because of this story.
And I'll tell you why in general journalists do not care
about where material comes from.
If it's a authentic and be newsworthy, for example,
in 2016,
somebody mailed a copy of Donald Trump's taps tax.
Our copy of Donald Trump's tax returns to the New York times just dropped it in
the mail and sent it to their newsroom. They got it to this day.
They have no idea who sent it to them. Well,
let alone what the motives of that person was were or what they had to do
to get them. Did they break in commit crime? Did they hack, was it the Russians?
Was it Aronne they, the New York times has no idea.
But then of course they've reported on the contents as they should,
because that's what journalists do.
And when asked when the lead reporter who's won, two Pulitzers was asked by NPR,
how can you report on a document when you don't even know who gave it to you or
what their motives were? He said,
what I would say and what all journalists should say, which is,
I don't give a about the sources. Motives.
Sometimes you get great documents from sources who have terrible motives,
you know, like they want to get vengeance on somebody. They feel, you know,
like deep throat leaked about the Nixon administration to the Washington post.
Not because he was a Snowden, not because he was noble,
but because he was resentful that Nixon passed him over to be the director of
the FBI. So that's, so this idea that journalists are using,
I'd go, my God, this might've come from Russia.
Therefore we shouldn't report it as a complete corruption of the,
uh, function. But the reality, Joe, like, why are we even talking about this?
Like everyone knows the reality. I work in journalism. I have, you know,
lots of colleagues that I work with.
They have tons of friends in every news outlet up the Eastern,
up and down the east coast, from New York to Washington.
And then on the west coast, the reason is,
is because they're all desperate for Trump to lose. That's the reality.
They all want Biden to win.
And so they don't want to report any information or any stories that might help
Biden lose in part, because they want Biden to win.
But also because in their social circles,
everybody essentially is anti-Trump and pro Biden.
And they don't want to spend four years being accused of having helped.
Trump won,
like they were in 2016 when they reported on those emails that were leaked by
the WikiLeaks. And it's just fear. They don't want to be yelled at,
they don't want to be scorned in their social circles.
And so they're willing to abdicate their journalistic function,
which is reporting on one of the most powerful people in the world and Joe Biden
in part,
because they want to manipulate and tinker with the election using journalism,
but in much bigger part, because they're scared of being yelled at on Twitter,
it's pathetic.
And it's going to ruin people's faith in journalism for a long time,
even more so than it are there. It already is ruined for good reason.
I now defend people who say fake news is you were saying, even though in 2016,
I didn't like it either because it's just true. It's just true. They will lie.
They will print things that they have no idea whether or not they're true if the
CIA tells them to,
or if they think they can get attention from it about front for it,
or a pause F uh, from their colleagues on Twitter. Um,
and I don't blame, you know, if you have faith in mainstream news institutions,
you're really right. Rational.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere, but after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much. Love Bubba.